# ZOoid-Mobilized-BIological-EntitieS
Project codename "ZOMBIES"

This hypothetical research study investigates systems withing a biological entity in which the physical motor movements of a host are taken over by a rogue zooid colony. As an indepent scientist, I have for the entirety of my adult life thought of zombies and the "walking dead" as pure science fiction with no scientific evidence to support any realistic thesis. I have respect for hypothetical scenarios such as seen in "Quarantine" or "I am Legend" in which living beings are taken over by highly contageous form of rabies as Parasetic diseases may in some cases create a highly aggressive, living patient. I have never been able to give realistic thought to "Walking Dead" scenarios in which zombies arise after death to attack the living.

The mechanics of death are too permenant for this researh study to look into walking dead scenarios. After the heart stops beating, distrophy and rigamortis disable mobilization of a dead host. Nervous systems must still be intact for electrical impulses to be delivered into muscles for movement. Without a heartbeat and lack of blood-flow, muscles harden and movement is not possible in a host. After heart functions, limited brain activity is required in a host to percieve visual, audio and scent functions. A partially functioning brain would allow a renagade host to interperatate and react using stored if-then-else dendrite memory and simple muscle memory.

Zooid Mobilized BIological EntitieS is a study of rogue zooid colony takeover of a living host. We will focus on scenarios in which a viable heartbeat exists, and partial brain acitivity continues in a host after parts of the brain related to emotion, conciousness and self control are decayed or taken by the zooid coloney or infestation. This journal will look at possible symptoms of Zombie behavior and the likely causes of such symptomology. This is a project which is designed to provide a type of starting point in the unlikely event that a real-world zombie infestation should ever manifest itself in reality . This is a journal which I hesitated in publishing due to fear of scrutiny of my work in mechanical biology, zooids and siphanorae of consciousness. I feared that my work would be looked at as science fiction, as my work is allready on the fringe of biological research and has not reached the realm of accepted biology. I hope this journal on Zombie infestation of a living host will be looked at as a seperate genre of "just in case" science when my work becomes credited and academically accepted.

This journal was inspired both by my research into the mechanics of locating the source of consciousness and in explaining how specific functions such as memory imprinting and emotions work in the human body. Openly science fiction movies such as "World War Z" and "I am Legend" focus not on the escape from or physical combat with zombies but instead look at medical solutions to zombie infestations. Writers and producers work in these productions to integrate realistic science into the storyline. These movies became a primary motivator after publishing "siphanorae of consciousness" and several GitHub repositories on zooids, transfer of zooids and mechanics of biology.

In World War Z, Brad Pit was patching up his IDF partner's severed arm and realized that the infected hosts were controlled by a parasite that was making limited decisions. I similar connections to decision making abilities of a Zooid colony, which I have publisehd. The movie related the zombie's targeting of healthy hosts to predatorial instinct to feed from only healthy prey. My entire line of biology work focuses on the thesis that at a cellular level our intelligence is formed from large numbers of living decision making organizms in our body in cooperation with a pilot zooid being the initial cell which divides at conception.

In this hypothetical journal, zombie infestation is looked at as a rebellion by zooid colonies which are transferred through hosts. This rebellion could be looked at as an "ultra awakening" or "realization" by zooid colonists that something is wrong and the discovery or mechanical learning of how to takeover a host completely from an aware pilot zooid. Takeover of a host in this journal can be a result from death of sections of the brain used by the pilot zooid, such as decision making, emotions, priorities or personal motivations. Upon death of concious control, areas of the brain which control the biological system would be reduced to primitive motor functions, immediate survival instincts and possibly compulsive behavior motivated by the rogue zooid colony.

In the event that the "Pilot/Control system" of a conscious brain were to be deteriorated or killed by a hostile zooid colony, parasetic sickness and brain cell death would occure. Infestations would likely target non-survival areas of the brain related to advanced computational function, advanced motor skills, and upper level functionality. Symptoms which occure within a host may resemble those which occure in science fiction such as dying portions of the body, lack of hygene sensitivity, primitive intake of prey, and lack of cometency in general. A host could be highly aggresive with a half-dead appearance and peticular odor.

A host which is controlled by a rouge zooid infestation would likely place survival and reproduction of rouge zoois at a higher priority than taboos of the host's culture. Rape, cannibalism, and bloodlust would be a result of close quarters with uneffected hosts. Rouge zooid colonies recognize new biosystems as surfaces to spread into, furthermore increasing survivability of a spreading zooid population. 

Mortal wounds infected by zombie attacks would bleed out and cause the victim to lose blood pressure required to support muscle function. The resulting body mass would remain infected and could possibly spread into nearby water supplies, animals, scavengers, or through accidental contact. Attacks on healthy victims in which wounds are minor and not mortal would be a more realistic transfer scenario for parasetic zooid infestations. In an event which bleeding was stopped, but infection breached the body's defenses, infection incubation rate would depend on multiple factors.

The body's ability to fight a zombie infection would depend on the strength of the immune system and the victim's 'awareness' that the foreign cells are attacking and the immune system's ability to protect specific areas of the body targeted by a rogue coloney. The rogue coloney may contain phage weaponry, predatorial white blood cells, and bacterial agents designed to attack and weaken the immune system. Weakening of the immune system would likely tire out the concious a concious host before taking out a host's pilot cell area. Precursors to pilot-control zooid death would likely include fever, vomiting, mental-dillusions, pain, visual imparement, and possible loss of conciousness.

Although complete death would be a possible system, the death time would have to be within minute before a zooid coloney induced electrical impulse of the heart was triggered to regain mobility functions. The electrical impulse would have to come from advanced zooid control of the brain spceifically the brain stem area to trigger the heart muscle, otherwise a system wide electrical pulse by zooids throughout the entire body would have to occur.

Because of the difficulty in restarting the heart, a re-animation of dead victims is unlikely. More likely is the scenario that brain function
